Doc-3441 rbac refresh (#2816)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/role-based-access-control/provision-users-and-groups-with-one-login-scim.md

sidebar_position: 100
helpdocs_topic_id: y402mpkrxq
helpdocs_category_id: fe0577j8ie
helpdocs_is_private: false
helpdocs_is_published: true
---

System for Cross-Domain Identity Management (SCIM) is an open standard protocol for automated user provisioning. In Harness, automated provisioning involves creating users and user groups, assigning users to groups, and managing some user attributes (such as names and email addresses). In addition to creating users and groups, automated provisioning also edits and removes users and user groups as and when required.

If OneLogin is your identity provider, you can efficiently provision and manage users in your Harness account, organizations, and projects. Using [OneLogin's SCIM integration](https://developers.onelogin.com/scim) with Harness enables OneLogin to serve as a single identity manager, to add and remove users, and to provision user groups. This is especially efficient for managing users at scale.

This topic describes how to use a OneLogin SCIM integration for automated provisioning in Harness. To configure this integration, you must take steps in both OneLogin and Harness.

:::caution

> With the OneLogin SCIM integration, don't change provisioned users email addresses in OneLogin. Once a user is provisioned in Harness, the user's email address *must remain the same*. If you change the email address in OneLogin and then try to remove the user from Harness, the removal will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the OneLogin SCIM integration, don't change provisioned users' email addresses in OneLogin. Once a user is provisioned in Harness, the user's email address *must remain the same*. If you change the email address in OneLogin and then try to remove the user from Harness, the removal will fail.
```

   For Harness On-Prem, the URL uses your custom domain name and omits `gateway`. For example, if your On-Prem domain name is `harness.mycompany.com**`, then your SCIM base URL is `https://harness.mycompany.com/ng/api/scim/account/ACCOUNT_ID`.

5. For **SCIM Bearer Token**, enter your [Harness token](#requirements). The SCIM Bearer Token authenticates requests and responses sent between the OneLogin SCIM provisioning service and Harness.
6. Make sure **API Status** is enabled.
7. Go to the app's **Provisioning** settings, and configure the following:

   * Select **Enable provisioning**.
   * Under **Require admin approval**, select **Create user**, **Delete user**, and **Update user**.
   * For **When users are deleted**, select **Delete**.
   * For **When user accounts are suspended**, select **Suspend**.

   ![](./static/provision-users-and-groups-with-one-login-scim-129.png)

8. Select **Save**.

## Enable SAML SSO with OneLogin

> To allow users to log in through your OneLogin SCIM integration, you must also setup [SAML SSO authentication with OneLogin](/docs/platform/Authentication/single-sign-on-saml#saml-sso-with-onelogin) in Harness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow users to log in through your OneLogin SCIM integration, you must also set up [SAML SSO authentication with OneLogin](/docs/platform/Authentication/single-sign-on-saml#saml-sso-with-onelogin) in Harness.
```
